Shareware/ Font License

Pixel Sagas Freeware Fonts EULA (End User License Agreement) and Software Inclusion Agreement

“Purchaser” and “User” may be used interchangeably in this agreement.

“Pixel Sagas” and “Shayna Davidson” may be used interchangeably in this agreement. These all refer to the intellectual and legal property of Shayna Davidson.

Usage

Pixel Saga’s Shareware Fonts are free to use for personal and commercial purposes. No payment is necessary to use Pixel Saga’s Freeware Fonts, and there is no limit to the amount of prints, pages, or other medium to be produced using them. However, you cannot offer the font for commercial sale, or offer for direct download. The inclusion of the font name and/or site URL in the credits or documentation when it is used is appreciated, but this is not mandatory.

Payment

Payment is not required for the use of Pixel Saga’s Shareware Fonts.

Software Inclusion Agreement

Pixel Saga’s software products are protected by copyright laws and International copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. All Pixel Saga’s software products are licensed, not sold.

1) GRANT OF LICENSE

This document grants the user the following rights:

Installation and Use. The user may install and use an unlimited number of copies of the software product. The user may not offer Pixel Sagas freeware fonts for direct download unless the user has received explicit, written permission from Shayna Davidson. Otherwise please direct users to the https://www.pixelsagas.com website. Pixel Sagas freeware fonts may, however, be embedded for web, publication, or general software use.

2) WARRANTIES

None

Pixel Sagas expressly disclaims any warranty for the software product. The software product and any related documentation is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the software product remains with the user.

No Liability For Consequential Damages.

In no event shall Shayna Davidson or Pixel Sagas be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if Pixel Sagas has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

Support

All fonts are provided on a strictly as-is basis.

3) MISCELLANEOUS

Should the user have any questions concerning this document or you desire to contact Shayna Davidson for any reason, please email jaynz@pixelsagas.com .

Governing Law

This agreement is governed by and subject to the laws of the United States of America.